Meeting 25 January
===

Previous Notes : https://github.com/distributed-text-services/API/blob/master/minutes/14.10.2016.md


Bridget
Situation : Trying to nail down to the Collection API, yet to go to passage API
Swagger proposition : http://distributed-text-services.github.io/API/
Agglomeration of API Proposal and feedback from Hugh and Thibault

Proposal :
    Type are related with current 
    Vocabulary to set up the vocabulary used for additional data
    Capabilities : what is possible to do (isOrdered, hasRoles). Hugh put searchable and sortable
    Hugh : Order is necessarily an attribute, more than a capabilities.
          Bridget : Specific usecase for order ? Except for passage ?
          hasRole : canonical edition use case to set up a default
   Hugh : Default resource ?
   Fred : Order come from another group. Imagine you could have two collections with same members but in a different numbers, example fragments
   Thibault : Example for passage more than collection
   James : additional things you can do
   Bridget : if you have an ordered collection, you can specify its index regardless of its sorting state
Capabilities : how to access content in the context of the collection
   Johnathan : if I can add something to the API parameters, will I see that in capabilities
   Bridget : question of hasRole. Need to be able to say that there is a canonical. Maybe isOrdered
   Johnathan : "extensible metadata"
   Hugh : attribute more than capabilities.
   Thibault : More like a vocabulary extension
   Bridget : Pulled out of Collection API RDA. Communicating the importance of it is not well done, try to give examples "hasRoles"
If we think specific edition Ovid's Amores, one 1960 is our canonical. But people could have another. So then, it's not a metadata.
Capabilities are metadata specific to a collection
   Hugh : Makes more sense now.
   Frederik : Not necessary in the data structure because in RDA, multiple model. 
   James :The idea is not to parse subitems to know if there is something
Limits payload if you need or can query for a canonical version by just knowing that from parent
        Bridget : Not sure if single model but we can assume this atm
        Hugh : Hesitation is not on the usefulness of the concept, but the explicit status of it
        Thibault : Flatten as a list of property that you can expect
        Bridget : given we have a better understanding, we might just discuss if we are going
        Refinement of the form as list of attribute or give up ?
  Frederik : Use communication channel to approve final form

Hugh : What about capabilities of the API ?
Fred : you can ask API directly
Bridget : http://rdacollectionswg.github.io/apidocs/#!/Service/get_features 
Thibault : Needs a list of attributes you can filter on, advertise the address of the sparql endpoint
Bridget : List of properties could be weird if we have not the same attribute at every level
Frederik : Validation matters if input
Bridget : see if its an api feature or a collection feature ?
Change on github

Bridget : change prev, next, parents to something simpler. 
-> Ok with everyone

Jeffrey : under members, designate one this member as canonical, if I got to this page, it would be in the data, 
Fred : two sections for APIs resource

Bridget : When you retrieve an item, how to represent continuity of metadata
How to expose members as collections ?
Thibault : Expand capacity would be related ? Compactify ?

Great thing to have the example at jeffrey's : scta.info/dts
Bridget and Jeffrey : build GUI
Thibault : Going more Json LD direction

Next question is where and how to do that ?
-> URI for object should be hardcoded.


New API Collection repository
https://github.com/distributed-text-services/collection-api

Next meeting :
     Action item : write thing to navigate (Thibault)
     March First is okay
     Action item : Draft for a passage API (Johnathan)
